One of my strengths that I look forward to bringing to deloitte is my exceptional 
organizational and technical skills

this is reflected in the reference from my current and previous manager who stated that 

one of the weaknenesses I am aware of is ...

I find it hard saying no to people
this is actually been a problem of mine as I always say yes to everything.

I am trying to improve myself in this area so I dont get overburdened.

I have been working on this 

why deloitte?


Thank you for the oppurtinity to introduce myself and especially for your time today.

I am Kiran and curretnly working as Senior Data engineer at Nissan North America.

recently awared as Nashville consultant of Quarter - from JDC group also was nominated as member of JDC leadership consulting team.

	better business insights
	ways to improve client relationships
	better ways to design the systems
	approaches to delivery
	complaince
	data security

I am AWS and snowflake certified solutions architect providing clod related arch designs to cross functional team with in TCS

I am responsible for overseeing few of my colleagues daily activities who are working from india offshore facility.

we are of a team called TCS - Total customer satisfaction completely responsible for NA data managerment and analytics.

I have been working in the consulting model of the business for many years and I am very much successful in maintaining the client relationships
	successful project deliveries.
I have been in the different domains of business since I started my career including hardware industry like xilinix, financial / payment processing,
	customer or teleservice / IBM watson / IVR
	health care - govt based business like medicaid or medicare
	Auto Industry - dealing 
		warranty
		repair orders
		claims
		legal vehicle 
		dealers
		techline
		projects
		recalls
		issue and project prediction
		safety data analytics
		reduce fines
		complaince reporting to NHSTA
		
having studied the deloitte JD, I am confident that I have the skills, the qualities, and the qualifications needed to excel in this role.
I am a fast learner; I posses excellent problem-solving capabilities and I can manage a significant work load.
I have an impressive track record of acheivement based on my client feedback and I believe that will help deloitte in acheving their current and future goals.





		


